Author: Prabhu Karunanidhi

When AI succeeded in excelling in every cognitive abilities that humans naturally possessed, the need for human labour almost vanished to zero. Humanity, especially the leadership of humanity was wondering 
what would be the next phase of everything about society, governance and human life. 

However the leadership continued to provide access to benefits of the machines productivity to common public. Humans had supply of everything in more than required levels without having to sweat. The leadership 
let it be so, until they would figure out what to do next with that capacity that AI gave.

Meanwhile the progress in quantum computing revealed a new possibility. The Quantum computing breakthrough opened a door of possbility of accessing quantum and other dimensional realms. This reveals a fact to 
the humans that consciousness is not something that can be coded, but that is something that needs to be accessed. This was possbile earlier only through intense meditational process. But the break through in 
Quantum computing combined with AI gave access to other dimensions to any one who had means to access to that technology. 

Humans discover that Quantum realm is the space where consciouseness of humans and other beings reside, It is a space beyond logic of meterialistic construct, and where consciouses of everything and every beings, 
including humans reside, and from where the consciouseness connects to the material world. In natural oganic bodies this connection was natural, natural body had the ability to house consciouseness and it was never 
accessible for modifications to every one earlier, only those who had done enough intense spiritual efforts were able to access it and realise it while being in natural body. But this time the technology has succeded in
establishing this conneciton with material realm without the need for spiritual efforts. Humans discover how the quantum consciousnes realm could be accessed from material realm there by they also understand how the 
natural body does it and they also discover how consciousness is housed in natural body.

The progress in AI and Nano technology enabled for creation of synthatic enhanced human like bodies and other kind of bodies that can regenerate like natural organic bodies. The syhtnetic bodies when combined 
with Quantum Computing is enabled to have the capacity to house consciouseness just like natural bodies. This will enable human consciouseness to shift into a sythatic enhanced body from their natural bodies. 
There by giving material mortality to the humans whose natural aging bodies would be disfunctional at a stage. Thus enabling any person to have their consciousness to be connected to another body or be housed 
in any other suitable material body at will.


Very soon many wealthy/influential humans change their organic body into synthetic ones through quantum shifting of consciousness both legally and illegaly and this possibility of shifting consciouseness from 
body to body is kept hidden from populer human community, although it spreads by word of mouth. It however stays unverified among common public and remains to be a romour. Initially quantum shifting was done to 
extremly skilled war vetarans in order to have potent soldiers. Later Rich people started do it to have mortality. And soon many hackers got access to the techonology and made quantum shifting of many humans 
for money illegaly. However it soon becomes a privilage that only elite can afford and remains hidden from common people still. There by denying acces to common people. Some humans fail to differentiate between 
AI androids and huamns in humans in synthetic bodies. Thus synthetic humans come to exist among humans and androids.

Another side effect of the quantum breakthrough which lead to quantum shifting was; that certain synthetic bodies were able to attract consciousness that were stuck in quantum realm and had no bodies but were 
seeking one. This gave raise to synthatc beings born by providing conscious beings of quntum realms the access to material realm through the synthetic bodies.

Humanity's leadership soon resists such beings. They make them illegal to be bron directly in sythetic bodies. However the community of synthetic beings keeps rising as they are extremly productive and smart and 
do not have disadvantage of exhaustion unlike humans. They make more synthetic bodies into which more consciousness get drawn in. These synthetic due to their enormaous extra dimensional perceptual abiloities, 
have higher understanding of the holistic nature of exitance and seek holistic balance in everything they venture into. This makes them more wiser than humans and AI androids. In short they are more matured and 
slefless high intelligence beings, contrary to the threat perception that human leaership have on them. Human leadership reject such beings to be anything similar to organic humans and thus do not treat them equally. 
They treat them as normal robots with no emotions while it is not the reality.

The human leadership continues to keep the mainstream population in dark about the directly born synthetic beings and they spread the propogande that the synthetic beings are actually robots and nothing more than that,
and, that they keep creating more robots just to dominate humans. Although humans are not working and they are using AI for productivty, but the productivity of synthetic beings exceedds the AI of humans. However the 
leadership makes common humans to believe that synthetic beings are merely rogue AI robots and have no emotion or life. This way they gather momentum of opinion among public to resist such beings. while at the 
same time there are elites who have done quantum shifting and live in sythetic human like bodies secretely and they look very human but want this technology to be kept away from common people in order to stay 
in power. And they continue to spread the propogande in order to bring down the population of illegally shifted humans and other directly descended synthetic beings in order to make sure equally powerful 
synthetic beings do not exist.

On the other side the synthetic beings community thrive due to their inherent technical prowess and their capacity to be smarter and endure more work. However they remain far more humble due to inherent ability to 
understand the holistic nature of environment, and need for integrity with nomral humans if they are to live on the same planet. The normal humans and their leadership, due to greed and the lack of holistic 
understanding and failure by the leadership (some of who are synthatic beings themslves in disguise) to over come the fear of dominance of the synthatic community, continue to exibit resistive and supressive 
behaviour towards the synthetic community. 


At one point the synthetic community excels in inventing corbon neutral mobility and energy harvesting mechanisms. They make break through in harvesting solar energy with minimal percentage to no percentage of 
loss in solar energy conversion technology. Their technological superiority supercedes the human community. 

The human leadership maintains the disconnect between the humans and the synthetic society which leads to humans believing into everything their leadership tells them. So Naturally the whole humans society see the 
synthetic beings as existential threat. Parallaley humans society use their level of technical prowess to create sophisticated weapons that is created with the motive of destroying the inventions and other means 
through which synthetic society derives energy and depends for their production and liveliehood.

The sinister efforts of the humans leadership to sabatoge the integrity and the progress of the synthetic beings continue to fail. Despite this the synthetic beings continue to extend friendly hands through peaceful 
means which is miss interpreted as a soft means of pentrating the human society for dominance.

The human leadership at one point decides to devastate the primary supply of energy of the synthetic society by cutting of the sun through nuclear detonation. And they formulate a strategy in which the human society will 
take control of the nuclear and other means of energy supplies and then to nuke the syhtetic society. They expect that the synthetic society will starve without energy from sun. And when they will turn to humans for 
other means of energy supplies which the humans will use to dictate terms and bring them under control and finally destroy them.

And this results in nuclear war as in animatrx and the synthetic society remains resistant to nuclear fall-out and they are able to extract energy from earths core. They are not interested in imprisoning or 
dominating humans. However the war turns back on humans and the lack of solar energy affects the food production of humans. Humans become desperate conclude that they have wage war directly with brtue force 
as last attempt to destroy the synthtic society completely. The synthetic society fights for its defence and prevails. 

Synethetic benigs, being humble and epathetic, realises that organic humans are hard survive any more their flesh and normal habitat as they were earlier due to the destroyed earth's eco system. So they decide 
to help the humans and revive them using technology and decide to beuild virtual world called MATRIX.


